notes.md, before:

# Resources

##The Svelte 3 Tutorial

This repository contains a lot of simple examples that illustrate various aspects of Svelte 3. However, the best place to see a full overview of the functionality it provides is the official tutorial at https://svelte.dev/tutorial/basics.

The pages there explain things that you generally want from a framework, and how they're achieved with Svelte 3.  In particular, because it provides a REPL that runs the code, you can play around and see what effect your changes have.

There are various tabs on that site that provide different information:

- A set of examples https://svelte.dev/examples#hello-world
- The complete API (although, it's a work in progress) https://svelte.dev/docs
- A REPL, where you can just try stuff out https://svelte.dev/repl/hello-world
- The Svelte blog https://svelte.dev/blog
- An FAQ https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/wiki/FAQ
- A link to the Sapper website https://sapper.svelte.dev/

## Some Excellent Introductory Videos

Here are a few videos I think explain the concepts behind Svelte well:

- Rich Harris's original introduction of the new version

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdNJ3fydeao&t=11s

- The same talk, but with a few refinements

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ2P6hGwcgo

- Harry Wolff has a couple of videos where he plays with Svelte and Sapper as a newbie, and one where he interviews Rich

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPVQ3M9b6CY

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS1GpKxCoIA

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48gHuY4w0hY

- The **Svelte Master** YouTube channel has been working through each of the pieces, in short videos of just a few minutes each (12 videos at the time of writing)

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU8ZPBKaEwU&list=PLcjHRSem_cvP440pjw79kB85Z_7Nn8VqZ

If you search for "Svelte 3" on YouTube, you'll find a lot more, for example an example of using Svelte with GraphQL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqOLx2yuF3M&t=159s and a half hour crash course https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK2RnIzrQ0M.

Commit message:

Updated to include the YouTube component video

notes.md, after:

# Resources

##The Svelte 3 Tutorial

This repository contains a lot of simple examples that illustrate various aspects of Svelte 3. However, the best place to see a full overview of the functionality it provides is the official tutorial at https://svelte.dev/tutorial/basics.

The pages there explain things that you generally want from a framework, and how they're achieved with Svelte 3.  In particular, because it provides a REPL that runs the code, you can play around and see what effect your changes have.

There are various tabs on that site that provide different information:

- A set of examples https://svelte.dev/examples#hello-world
- The complete API (although, it's a work in progress) https://svelte.dev/docs
- A REPL, where you can just try stuff out https://svelte.dev/repl/hello-world
- The Svelte blog https://svelte.dev/blog
- An FAQ https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/wiki/FAQ
- A link to the Sapper website https://sapper.svelte.dev/

## Some Excellent Introductory Videos

Here are a few videos I think explain the concepts behind Svelte well:

- Rich Harris's original introduction of the new version

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdNJ3fydeao&t=11s

- The same talk, but with a few refinements

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ2P6hGwcgo

- Harry Wolff has a couple of videos where he plays with Svelte and Sapper as a newbie, and one where he interviews Rich

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPVQ3M9b6CY

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS1GpKxCoIA

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48gHuY4w0hY

- The **Svelte Master** YouTube channel has been working through each of the pieces, in short videos of just a few minutes each (12 videos at the time of writing)

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU8ZPBKaEwU&list=PLcjHRSem_cvP440pjw79kB85Z_7Nn8VqZ

- One that's pretty cool is a guy creating a YouTube component.  He has a slightly thick accent, but work through it, because it explains a couple of interesting things

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ank3IdQHOuE

- There's a second video where he explains how to push it as a module to NPM.

  ​	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uapg3tstHSQ	

If you search for "Svelte 3" on YouTube, you'll find a lot more, for example an example of using Svelte with GraphQL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqOLx2yuF3M&t=159s and a half hour crash course https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK2RnIzrQ0M.
